# Event-based High Dynamic Range Image and Very High Frame Rate Video Generation using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks

CVPR 2019

# Research Question

How to generate high-quality non-blurred images and videos even under fast motion and extreme illumination conditions?

# Motivation

1) The advances of deep learning in image reconstruction and translation.

2) The previous method produce intensity images based on filters or regularization terms, which cannot create photorealistic images. 

3) The progress of Condition GANs on image translation inspired the author to explore the potential of cGANs for image reconstruction based on event data.

# Contribution

1) Their work is the ﬁrst attempt focusing on pure events to HDR images and high frame even under fast motion and extreme illumination conditions.

2) They collect a real dataset and make a synthetic dataset.

3) They propose two novel and initiative event stacking methods based on shifting over the event stream, stacking based on time and stacking based on the number of events.
 
# Method

The process contains event stacking, network architectures (cGANs), and testing.

**1. For the event stacking**

They propose two stacking methods based on time (SBT) or the number of events (SBE). The SBE method could alleviate the problem of hard-to-get good HDR images When the event data within the time interval are insufficient for the image reconstruction. 

Thinking Notes: SBE stacks according to the number of global events, which may leads to incomplete display of local information.

**2. For the cGANs**

 Their network including two parts: Generator and Discriminator. To reconstruct high-frequency important information, the Generator is proposed based on UNet with skip connection.
 
 Thinking Notes: The image generated by the generator is quite different from the event stack image, which may lead to the whole game process is not optimal.
 
**3. For the Generator**
 
They utilize UNet with skip connection to construct the intensity image.
 
 Thinking Notes: The attention mechanism could be employed to focus on some detail textual information.
  
# Experiment
 
1) The effectiveness of the SBE method.

2) Comparison to relevant works.

3) Effect of the loss function.

# Writing Skill

1) Unlock the potential of.

2) It has been recently shown that.

3) It will be a great help if we can.

4) It has been stated that.

5) Tackle the problem of.

6) To verify the robustness of the proposed methods.

7) To explore the capability of our method, we conduct intensive
experiments on.